make weather able to lookup *user or @nick

use unix sockets for local connetions, or direct function if in same proc.

make first time install scripts and per module support on it, ability to install modules exclusively

ability to use sqlite, or run without db? try to get the core things away from all that

update for php7

users auth, have it just recognize by authserv username, hardly anyone renames their account, make this a separate module and have a selection?
with new user system give channel ops (+o) access to all chan commands, gamesurge staff access to all staff commands
but restrict access to authed users, create accounts based on AS username for user settings etc, have lastseen time
occasionally AS info all the users and expire deleted ones.

before the bot joins newly created channel seen from /list changes, make sure it still exists.

when banned do normal rejoin trys 3 times then mute attempts and slow the rejoins to once an hour, notify when rejoined.

youtube scan show channel info when linked a channel and not video

trivia dont show duplicated questions

trivia better randomnes now that there are lots of files

trivia ability to start with specific categories

Module.inc:142 $n is undefined

bots table has some default values but theres no irc interface to change them

Irc.inc:203 change sbnc to irc

Check if i want to move things from the channel module to the Irc library, looks like topics and bans in stuff arn in it?

Split fun module up into smaller modules

Switch everything to phpreact

start using Nette utilities
    use their json because it throws exceptions



Start using exceptions for errors
    ModuleManager needs to handle exceptions on loaded because CmdReg will be throwing
    can probably catch a lot of PDO exceptions better

twitter link scanner - show the tweet on irc

youtube alias channel to author in theme
youtube video duration should show 0h when its 0

setreg dont parse $vars in output

WA: check the API for decimal results and also display those

scalc: command that does simple math calcs that dont require WA

Vars:
	rcaps - randomly cap chars in sentence
	change rainbow to be prism and also add prism alias
	add rcolors that is the old rainbow
	bar that changes color as it gets full
	random number that stores value per nick 30min
	scalc? - so very simple math calculations that doesnt require WA

Quotes: allow origin to be a list of channels

whois: channels if on two lines only outputs last line


Make an interface system for modules and allow them to say they implement X interface
mainly for things like having interchangable user system modules, as long as it implements the interface
all other modules should be fine using it that require the user module. might go for cmdreg and setreg modules too?
Might require a user module to be loaded flat out (even if just a dummy one) then can set $this->Users instead of
doing the $this->gM('user') crap. in any case i def want to replace gM()

trivia: stop game after so many questions


#want to be able to disable binds in mysql, otherwise registry will just remake them

#TODO put module specific configs inside that modules dir, not in main.conf (maybe inside the mod.neon?)
#actually i think it can be nices to have all the configs in one location, maybe support both
#make a way to reload the config

#cleanup setreg options, what did i mean by this

#TODO update mysql for binds

#TODO needauth for CmdReg funcs, useful in the user module for PMs at least
